# Steam-Review-Neural-Net

A project made for a class. This project was created to predict a whether a review for a game on Steam is positive or negative based on the text alone. Since Steam review data is available through a type of website API to collect json data, along with, the positive or negative review labels to make things easier and not having to manually label data, I created a program to gather said data into a text file by simply inputting a game’s ID in steam, which can be found on the store page website URL as a small patch of numbers. This program collected 1000 positive and 1000 negative reviews into one text file, while cleaning the text data and determining whether the text contains art. Something to know is that Steam reviews sometimes contain art in the form of text using UNICODE braille. However, because the specific variants of art is somewhat limited to a small pool of artworks, the text art potentially being messed up during text cleaning as art can be intertwined with text, and that there seems to be patterns to positive and negative reviews that use art and do not use art with certain accompanying text, I decided to simplify things for the sake of time. I simplified the process regarding art down to determining whether a review has art or not.
	As for the neural network models, there are two versions I created. Both use embed and 1d convnet layers for the text, to which I used the simple configuration of layers from the book to see how it would do. For the first version, however, is just a sequential model that just takes the text input and is not concerned with whether the text has art or not, to which it did really well after training with a validation accuracy of around 90%. The second version is a function model take concatenates both the text inputs after going through the embed and 1d convnet layers and art input that went through no layers. This version also did well and hit around 90% validation accuracy. I also created a program that can load either model I had saved and make a prediction on a line of text to see if it is a positive or negative review. 
Overall, this project solidified my understanding of how to create and use neural networks. While the data collection process was relatively easy to figure out, it took some time to figure out how to understand the information from the book regarding how to deal with text data and using the functional models for multiple inputs. It also took a little bit of time trying to figure out how to load models and go through the process of using a loaded model of predicting. With that said, the zip file contains all the programs I made, data I collected with the merged under “data.txt” and unmerged data from 5 games I chose that had a large enough amount of both positive and negative reviews in a separate file. This project was quite interesting to do, and I’ll probably do more with neural networks in the future now that I have a better understanding.
